NAME
    addecho - add an echo sound effect to WAV audio files

SYNOPSIS
    addecho [-d delay] [-v volume_scale] sourcewav destwav

DESCRIPTION
	addecho can be used to add an echo sound effect to audio files while
    leaving the original audio intact. The program creates a new wav file
    with the echo effect added, taking in the following parameters:
    
    sourcewav
        The existing mono input file containing original audio data. Must 
        be in WAV format.
    
    destwav
        The mono output file where the modified audio will be stored after
        addecho is run. Must be in WAV format.

    The following options are available:

    -d delay
        Specifies the delay parameter, used to determine how long the output 
        audio starts after the original starts. It is measured in samples, 
        where each sample is a discrete unit of audio data. A larger delay
        value produces a more pronounced echo sound effect.
    
    -v volume_scale
        Specifies the volume_scale parameter, which controls the intensity of
        the echo sound relative to the original sound provided in sourcewav.
        It is a scalar multiplier specifying the amount by which to scale down
        the volume. A larger volume_scale value makes the echo less prominent.

    If -d and -v are not provided, default values of 8000 samples of delay and
    volume_scale of 4 are used.

    Internally, the addecho program analyses the sourcewav input audio file in
    pieces, called samples. It individually adjusts the volume and delay for 
    each sample based on the specified settings and calculations, repeating the
    process until the complete audio with the echo sound effect is created.

RETURN VALUES
    A status code of 0 is produced upon successful execution. Otherwise, in case
    of errors, 1 is returned and the error is printed.

EXAMPLES
    addecho -d 1000 -v 2 input.wav output.wav
        Applies an echo effect with a delay of 1000 samples and a volume scale of
        2 to the input.wav file, generating output.wav with the modified audio.

    addecho source.wav dest.wav
        Since -d is not provided, the default value of 8000 is used; since -v is not 
        provided, the default value of 4 is used, scaling down the volume by 4.
        
WARNINGS
    addecho will fail to execute under the following conditions:
        - either sourcewav or destwav is not provided.
        - sourcewav is an unsupported audio type.
        - sourcewav does not exist or is not in the specified location.
        - sourcewav is not a valid WAV file.
    
    Specifying existing files as destwav may lead to unintended consequences or
    data loss.

BUGS
    There are no known bugs in the addecho program at this time.